Wow! We've covered a lot together!
It's hard to believe we've reached
the midpoint of this course.
I hope you're getting a clearer
picture of this exciting field and
all the opportunities it has to offer.
And most importantly,
I hope you're having fun doing it.
We've come a long ways
from where we started.
When we began our journey together,
we were introduced to the three building
blocks of every security program:
assets, threats, and vulnerabilities.
We focused a lot on assets early on
and the wide range of things security
professionals work to protect.
We then turned our attention to
a core component of asset security,
protecting assets.
You learned about the importance
of guarding sensitive information.
You also learned about some security
controls that protect information from
being lost or stolen.
On the next part of our journey,
we're going to turn our
focus to vulnerabilities.
Every asset we protect has
a series of vulnerabilities, or flaws,
that we need to be aware of.
Staying informed of these things is
a critical part of protecting people and
organizations from harm.
In this next part of the course,
you'll gain an understanding of
the vulnerability management process.
First, you'll explore a common approach
to vulnerability management:
the defense and depth model.
Then, you will learn about how
vulnerabilities are documented in
online libraries like the CVE list.
We'll discuss the attack surfaces
security teams protect.
And lastly, you'll expand your attacker
mindset by exploring the common attack
vectors cybercriminals try to exploit.
Security analysts play an important
role in identifying and
correcting vulnerabilities in systems.
I know I'm excited to keep exploring,
are you?
Then let's go!